storyfiles/layoutStyles.htm						Layout Styles
storyfiles/fixedWidth.htm						Fixed Width
storyfiles/fluid.htm							Fluid Layout
storyfiles/elastic.htm							Elastic Layout
storyfiles/hybrid.htm							Hybrid Layout
storyfiles/fontSizes.php						Font Sizes
storyfiles/gridLayouts.htm						Grid Layouts
storyfiles/starterFile_source.php				Kadlec's Starter File Source
storyfiles/style-start_css_source.php			Kadlec's style-start.css Source
storyfiles/gridDesign.htm						Designing the Grid
storyfiles/style-2.2_css_source.php				Kadlec's style-2.2.css
storyfiles/gridContinued.htm					Grid Design Continued
storyfiles/style-2.3_css_source.php				Kadlec's style-2.3.css
storyfiles/fixedFluid.htm						Mixing Fixed and Fluid
storyfiles/style-2.4_css_source.php				Kadlec's style-2.4.cssMedia QueriesMixing Fixed and Fluid
storyfiles/mediaQueries.htm						Media Queries
storyfiles/viewports.htm						Viewports
storyfiles/mediaQuerySyntax.htm					Media Query Syntax
storyfiles/mediaExpressions.htm					Media Features and Expressions
storyfiles/breakpoints.htm						Setting Breakpoints
storyfiles/style-3.2-old_css_source.php			Kadlec's style-3.2-old.css source
story.txt                                       The story file for this story 